nestled in the Pennsylvania Hills one of
the great venues in college football
Beaver Stadium in University Park
Pennsylvania the crowd will be right on
top of these guys it will certainly be
loud in this stadium today and we're
just about set to kickoff time for
ESPN's college football Brad Nessler and
Kirk Herbstreit will be on the call
Brett take it away you might not find a
more immense spectacle in college
football it's game day at Beaver Stadium
and this place is packed hi everybody
I'm Brad Nessler my partner is Kirk
Herbstreit Erin Andrews will join us on
the sidelines today's exciting game is
brought to you by Coke Zero real coke
taste zero calories and joy everything
will see the Utah Utes and the Nittany
Lions of Penn State
here come on nail ends with Penn State
they know they're looking at an opponent
that's very dangerous and can give that
a real
shucks he just lost these two teams are
so much alike that it's gotta be a real
and close game
it's time to the point sauce now
presented by Coke Zero real coke taste
zero calories enjoy everything
Utah Utah lines up to kick this one off
and we're just about set to get underway
he hits a booming kick these two the ten
oh what a hit